opentelemetry-instrumentation: teach opentelemetry-instrument about gevent (#3699)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- `opentelemetry-instrumentation`: Avoid calls to `context.detach` with `None` token.
  ([#3673](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/3673))

### Added

> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation`: teach opentelemetry-instrument about gevent monkeypatching

Reviewer: I think this would be easier to grep, and other entries are similar:

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation`: add support for  `OTEL_PYTHON_AUTO_INSTRUMENTATION_EXPERIMENTAL_GEVENT_PATCH` to inform opentelemetry-instrument about gevent monkeypatching
```
